SEP-8: reformat (#813)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0008.md

## Overview

Implementing a regulated asset requires these parts:
- Issuer account with appropriate [authorization flags] set.
- [SEP-1 stellar.toml] used for discovering [Approval Server].
- [Approval Server] that validates client transactions according to the service's approval criteria. Validated transactions are signed by the asset's issuing account.

## Regulated Assets Approval Flow

1. Wallet creates and signs a transaction.
2. Wallet resolves asset information and detects that it's a regulated asset.
	1. Wallet can detect whether an asset is a regulated asset by checking the [authorization flags] of the asset issuer's account.
3. Wallet sends the transaction to the approval server.
	1. Wallet can find the approval server via [SEP-1 stellar.toml] set up by the issuer.
4. Approval server determines whether the transaction should be approved.
5. Wallet handles approval response:
    1. *Success?* Transaction has been approved and signed by the issuer.

>     2. *Revised?* Transaction has been revised to be made compliant, and signed by the issuer. Wallet will show the changes to the user and ask them to sign the new transaction. It is important to understand that an approval service could respond with a different transaction.

Reviewer: Lets add bold for emphasis
```suggestion
    2. *Revised?* Transaction has been revised to be made compliant, and signed by the issuer. Wallet will show the changes to the user and ask them to sign the new transaction. **It is important to understand that an approval service could respond with a different transaction.**
```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/813/commits/ad9d8ad85441646c268aca250df77fcb27c2d2c0

```

## Approval Server

Approval server is a single endpoint that receives a signed transaction, checks for compliance, and signs it on success.

The specification of an approval server is defined as follows:

### Content Type

Approval server accepts requests in the `Content-Type`:

- `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

Approval server responds with the `Content-Type`:

- `application/json`

### POST Endpoint

#### Request

This endpoint accepts HTTP POST requests containing a single `tx` parameter.

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`tx` | string | A base64 encoded transaction envelope XDR signed by the user. This is the transaction that will be tested for compliance and signed on success.

###### Example (Form)

```
tx=AAAAAHAHhQtYBh5F2zA6...
```

#### Responses

All responses will contain a top level `status` parameter that indicates the type of the result.

##### Success

> This response means that the transaction was found compliant and signed without a revise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This response means that the transaction was found compliant and signed without being revised.
```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/813/commits/592f06f6f3c1b6151ac2da3eb21fc10ff78f934c

A `success` response will have a `200` HTTP status code and `success` as the `status` value.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`status` | string | `"success"`

> `tx` | string | Transaction envelope XDR, base64 encoded. This transaction will have both the original signature(s) from the request as well as an additional signature from the issuer.

Reviewer: Issuing accounts could have multiple signers as well.

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/813/commits/493bb16f470de16fc603185a93f1756f07e31ca6

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`status` | string | `"action_required"`
`message` | string | A human readable string containing information regarding the action required.
`action_url` | string | A URL that allows the user to complete the actions required to have the transaction approved.

###### Example

```json
{
  "status": "action_required",
  "message": "Please sign the terms of service via the provided URL.",
  "action_url": "https://..."
}
```

##### Rejected

This response means that the transaction is not compliant and could not be revised to be made compliant.

A `rejected` response will have a `400` HTTP status code and `rejected` as the `status` value.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`status` | string | `"rejected"`
`error` | string | A human readable string explaining why the transaction is not compliant and could not be made compliant.

###### Example

```json
{
  "status": "rejected",
  "message": "The destination account is blocked."
}
```

### Best practices

- If a transaction was revised, ALWAYS explain the changes that were made to a transaction through the `message` parameter.

> - Wallet should inspect revised transactions and alert the user if any of the original operations is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wallet should inspect revised transactions and alert the user if any of the original operations are changed.
```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/813/commits/6306155d67487cc3b41bca373182415fd1476271

- Core operations shouldn't be modified as that can be confusing and misleading. For example, if the user wishes to put an offer for 1000 GOATS but due to velocity limits they can only put an offer for 500 GOATS, it is better to error with a message than to change the amount.
- Adding an upper timebound to a transaction can help the issuer ensure that their view of the world does not get out of sync.

> - Issuers can enforce additional fees by adding additional operations. For example, any transaction involving GOATs, will also send 0.1 GOAT to Boris’ account.

Reviewer: Sorry Boris
```suggestion
- Issuers can enforce additional fees by adding additional operations. For example, any transaction involving GOATs, will also send 0.1 GOAT to the issuer's account.
```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/813/commits/a5a699d060f7b0f9a9b6a8e6e2a54157cd4a19f3

Implementing Regulated Assets requires the participating accounts to be “managed” by the issuer. This is achieved by having the issuer be a co-signer on the account, such that a medium threshold operation cannot be submitted without the issuer’s approval.

## Discussion

### Should my asset be a regulated asset?

Ideally, no. Implementing Regulated Assets should only be used when absolutely necessary, such as for regulatory reasons. It comes with a substantial operational overhead, added complexity, and burden for users. Issuers should only go down this route if it is absolutely required.

### Why doesn’t the approval service submit transactions to the network?

- Separation of concerns between signing transactions and submitting them.
- Transactions might require more signatures from further regulated asset issuers.
- Wallets can handle the failure from transaction submission based on the type of errors and reconstruct the transaction.
- Scaling concerns as having the approval server submit transactions would require more infrastructure.

[SEP-1 stellar.toml]: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0001.md
[authorization flags]: #authorization-flags

> [Approval Server]: #approval-server

Reviewer: Not a big deal if we keep it but I don't think this adds any value to the document.

Author: Yeah I like it because people can easily jump to the relevant section from `Overview` if they would like to dig into it.

Reviewer: Oh I see what you did. Couldn't you put the links directly in the overview section? :
```
Implementing a regulated asset requires these parts:
- Issuer account with appropriate [authorization flags](#authorization-flags) set.
```

Reviewer: I'll leave how you want to do this to you, LGTM

Author: > Couldn't you put the links directly in the overview section?

I can certainly do that. Putting it at the end of the file is useful when we have multiple references, and it makes the `raw` version easier to read, especially when the link is long. When I do it, I tend to put all links together in the bottom regardless the number of references and the length. 😃
